Nephew Xu, I'm going to the awards dinner
Help me prepare a meeting gift for the head of the Shen family
Hey Shen Zhen, where are you?
I'll pick you up for the awards ceremony
No, I'm almost there.
You can't get in without an invitation
Are you afraid that you can't get in without an invitation?
Don't worry.
You just need to say that Yuncheng has a down payment.
Someone will invite you in
The awards ceremony was held by me
How could I not get in?
I'm afraid you were kicked out by someone else.
Okay, let's not talk about it, I'm hanging up
Why doesn't this person go in so much?
Excuse me.
Ah!
I Love You
Ye Haochen, enjoy these cheers
It is the last time, after all.